SolrFlare
=========
Most of us are online these days to know what is happening around us.We visit a news website, go to our favourite section, go through a number of articles to find a article which finally matches our interest - a complex process which might even make the search futile when we end up discovering that the article was exactly not what we wanted. To alleviate such trouble, we introduce a personalized news reader application - Solr Flare which reduces all your pain suggesting you articles of you choice and gives you freedom to read them on just a single click. SolrFlare is a dynamic news search application which intelligently assesses the preference of the user based on some explicit and behavioral inputs.This is a hassle free application which allows its users to simply create their profile and read articles which aligned to their interests. To get an insight of the user preference, it provides two alternatives of creating profiles, one using the existing Facebook account and other is the regular user sign up. In both cases, user will be prompted to add his/her preferences explicitly and according to this data, the new account will be classified for the first time. As the user walks through the website, his preferences will be updated in the system to narrow down further on the choice of articles that the user likes.  This allows the user to scan through a plethora of news articles indexed from the past and also a chance to go through the current stories. The current stories will be fetched from the feeds taking user’s preferences into account.The UI has a very user friendly recommendations page which  displays  different tile  of  user’s interest and the news updates in those categories.
